Analog-Audio-Mixer-with-digital-frequency-response-display
Developed by: Housos Christos AM:2012030117
              Giariskanis Fotios AM:2011030087
MILESTONE1:
Regarding the use of the AVR platform, we created the Milestone1_final project which helped us to become familiar
with the use and management of STK500 resources such as (timer / counters, interrupt service routines),
I / O, and functions of the ATMega16 microprocessor. We also experimented with the AVR and Pulse with Modulation (PWM) 
functions by creating the Milestone1_bonus project.
We build these projects at Atmel Studio 7.0(software) Windows 7 (operating system) version.
More details:

Milestone1_final:
 1. I / O DEMO MODE:
In this mode, pressing the PA0 and PA1 buttons we activate LED0-LED1-LED2-LED3 one by one, using Timer0.
After 2 seconds the system resets using the Watchdog timer.
2. LED DELAY INIT MODE:
In this mode, pressing the PD3 button activates the interrupt INT1, whereby one of the PA0 / PA1 buttons is pressed
at the same time, either Timer0 is initialized (according to which the process with the LEDs described in I / O DEMO MODE
is executed) or Timer1 is initialized according to which Timer0 will be initialized after a timer1 interruption (Timer1_COMPA_vect)
and then Timer1 enters STOP mode for PA1).
3. RESET MODE:
In this mode, pressing the button PD2 activates the interrupt INT0. If one of the PA0 / PA1 buttons is pressed simultaneously, 
either the outputs are set to 0 and Timer0 is set to STOP (for PA0) or after 2seconds system makes Reset using 
the Watchdog timer (for PA1).

 Milestone1_bonus:
 Pulse With Modulation (PWM) ++ hardware): 
In this project we created a function for initializing our PWM parameters (pwm_init) where we set a timer, the basic PWM 
information and the PD5 output for the final signal. Then we made an interruption in the timers Overflow where we read 
from a table the OCR1A values and make the PWM signal, and based on them we activate the Leds (using them as a meter).
Also at the output of the system we have a passive circuit for filtering and controlling the voltage of the PWM signal which 
ends in an 8Ω speaker for acoustic imaging of the result. Finally, an RGB Led is placed at the output of the passive filter 
which receives voltage (same on the 3 pins) inversely with the speakers for the optical imaging of the filters cut off 
frequency (it turns off the blue then the green and only the red led is on at the end of the potentiometer path, 
similar to its operation in the audio frequency range).
